{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \
Installation\
Icons\
Packaging\
Licenses\
Launchd configuraton\
Uninstallation\
SCM - open google code project\
\
Photo - how to take. How to send to Twitter. http://mashable.com/2009/05/19/twitter-share-images/\
Logging - How to send to me?\
How to disable the machine? Delete partition table? How can we test this?\
\
\
Need to store last direct message received. Do this reliably.\
Permissions - running as root.\
encrypting the config file.\
Integration with CoreLocation\
\
What if it fails? How will the user know? Config program needs ramping up.\
\
The Config tool needs much more work. Needs a passphrase\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Design elements:\
We should check twitter for direct messages when:\
	External IP address changes\
	Location Changes (from Core Location)\
	At a time Interval (in hours)\
	When \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf2 config:\
	Global Behaviour:\
		twitter uid / password\
		When to check for direct messages:\
			time interval [xx]hours\
			on change of location? []\
			on external ip changing? []\
		direct message password ["sadsdsds"]\
	Behaviour when marked stolen:\
		take pics?\
			How often?\
			twitter them back?	\
		twitter location?\
			How often?	\
	RunTime persistent state\
		last direct message received\
		\
\
Other cool things to do.\
	email support\
	remove \
	\
	\
	\
	\
	\
	\
	}